PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
I WANT $100,000 IN CASH
OR I'M GIVING AN INTERVIEW
TO ROSE ON THE 5:00 NEWS.
THIS HERE IS RARIFIED AIR.
BE CAREFUL.
IF SHE FINDS OUT I MORTGAGED
THIS HOUSE FOR YOU, SHE'S
GONNA BE DEVASTATED.
YOU WILL HAVE SEVEN DAYS
TO VACATE THE PREMISES.
HANNA ‐‐
THAT'S YOUR MAID'S NAME.
HANNA, CAN I HAVE
SOME SPARKLING WATER, PLEASE?
Katheryn: WILL YOU BE STAYING
FOR DINNER, CANDACE?
NO, I HAVE
A VERY IMPORTANT MEETING,
AND IF I'M NOT THERE,
IT COULD CHANGE
A LOT OF PEOPLE'S LIVES.
ROSE,
I HAVE A STORY FOR YOU.
IT'S ABOUT JUDGE CRYER.
MA, WHY ARE YOU SITTING IN
THE DARK BY YOURSELF LIKE THAT?
I GOT YOUR SOUP.
NEW LITTLE FAVORITE CORNER STORE
UP THE STREET.
MWAH.
IT'S PROBABLY COLD BY NOW,
BUT MAKE SOME CRACKERS WITH IT
OR SOMETHING.
MAMA,
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
I PRIDE MYSELF ON BEING
AN INDEPENDENT WOMAN.
I BOUGHT THIS HOUSE
WHEN I WAS 21 YEARS OLD.
HAD YOU AND YOUR SISTER
ON MY HIP.
THREE AND FOUR YEARS OLD.
I WORKED TWO JOBS WHEN
YOUR FATHER WALKED OUT ON ME.
I DIDN'T CRUMBLE.
I DIDN'T CRY.
AND I DIDN'T EVEN COMPLAIN.
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO.
[ Voice breaking ] AND I FOUND
THE STRENGTH TO DO IT...
[SOBS]
THROUGH THE GRACE OF GOD.
AND THEN THERE'S YOU
AND YOUR SISTER.
[ SCOFFS ]
[ SIGHS ]
WHEN SHE WENT WRONG,
I WAS DETERMINED
I WASN'T GONNA RAISE ANOTHER
ANGRY, CRIMINAL BLACK MAN.
I WAS GONNA RAISE
A MAN WITH CHARACTER
WHO WOULD BE SMART
AND DIGNIFIED.
AND YOU GREW UP TO BE
JUST THAT.
[ SOBS ]
YOU MADE ME PROUD EVERY DAY
THAT I WAS YOUR MOTHER ‐‐
EVERY DAY.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
I KNOW THAT, MOMMY.
YOU'RE STARTING TO SCARE ME.
I MEAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
DON'T ACT
LIKE YOU DON'T KNOW.
WHAT?
[ SCOFFS ]
IS THERE SOMETHING YOU WANT
TO TELL ME, BENNY?
MAMA ‐‐
OH, PLEASE.
DON'T MAKE ME
DRAG IT OUT OF YOU.
JUST TELL IT TO ME, BENNY.
PLEASE SAY IT TO ME
BEFORE I SAY IT TO YOU.
PLEASE?
MAMA, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
SO, YOU'RE REALLY NOT GONNA
TELL ME?
I WAS HOPING
YOU WOULD HAVE TOLD ME.
I'VE BEEN HOLDING ON
TO ONE CENT OF HOPE FOR YOU ‐‐
JUST ONE.
YOU MORTGAGED MY HOUSE,
BENNY?
MAMA ‐‐
YOU MORTGAGED MY HOUSE?
LOOK AT ME!
YEAH.
I DID.
OKAY?
I'M SORRY.
I MEAN,
CANDACE IS IN TROUBLE.
[ SIGHS ]
WILL YOU JUST LET ME EXPLAIN
THIS TO YOU?
MAMA.
MAMA, WILL YOU JUST LET ME
EXPLAIN THIS TO YOU?
PLEASE?
MAMA, STOP PACKING.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO ‐‐
WAIT TILL THEY COME
AND THROW EVERYTHING
OUT ON THE STREET?
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS
TO ME, TO US?
WE ARE HOMELESS, BENNY.
WE'RE NOT HOMELESS,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M GONNA SELL MY TRUCK.
I'LL GO DOWN THERE TONIGHT.
I'LL SELL IT RIGHT NOW.
SELLING YOUR TRUCK
AIN'T GONNA FIX THIS.
THEY WANT ALL THE MONEY,
BENNY ‐‐
$50,000.
THEN I'LL TALK
TO THEM ABOUT IT, OKAY?
I'LL GET SOMETHING
WORKED OUT.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
[ Crying ]
WHY'D YOU DO THIS TO ME?
THIS AIN'T EVEN LIKE YOU.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
ANSWER ME!
MAMA,
YOU WERE IN THE HOSPITAL.
AND CANDACE WAS IN TROUBLE.
OOH, I KNEW IT.
I KNEW IT WAS HER.
MAMA, SHE WAS IN TROUBLE.
THAT GIRL WASN'T IN
NO TROUBLE.
SHE WAS CONNING YOU.
SHE WASN'T CONNING ME.
SHE WAS.
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
HOW DID SHE KNOW
MY HOUSE WAS IN YOUR NAME?
[ SIGHS ] BECAUSE I TOLD HER.
MM‐HMM.
AND HOW LONG AFTER THAT
DID SHE GET IN TROUBLE?
MAMA ‐‐
ANSWER ME.
THE NEXT WEEK.
SEE?
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
THIS AIN'T NO COINCIDENCE.
THAT'S WHAT SHE DOES.
SHE WASN'T CONNING.
I'M TRYING TO TELL YOU.
OH, HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?
'CAUSE SHE WASN'T, OKAY?
SHE CALLED ME TO PICK HER UP
LATE ONE NIGHT.
YOU KNOW HOW SHE GOT IN TROUBLE
WITH THE CAR.
MOMMY,
WHEN I WENT TO GO GET HER,
I WALKED RIGHT PAST HER.
OKAY?
I DIDN'T EVEN RECOGNIZE HER,
SHE WAS BEAT SO BAD.
BY THAT BOY?
YEAH.
I TOOK HER TO THE SAME HOSPITAL
YOU WERE AT.
SHE WAS ONE FLOOR
DOWN BELOW YOU. ALL RIGHT?
I GUESS SHE OWED HIM
SOME TYPE OF MONEY.
YOU KNOW, HE SAID THAT IF
HE DIDN'T GET IT,
HE WAS GONNA KILL HER.
MAMA, HE DAMN NEAR DID.
SHE WAS ‐‐ SHE WAS IN BAD SHAPE.
I'M TRYING TO TELL YOU.
THAT'S THE LIFE SHE CHOSE,
BENNY.
MOMMY, THAT'S STILL
YOUR DAUGHTER.
THAT GIRL IS WICKED.
STILL YOUR CHILD,
THOUGH, OKAY?
DO YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID?
THEY WERE WILLING
TO KILL HER.
WELL...
[SNIFFLES]
...MAYBE IF SHE'D HAVE GONE ON,
SHE'D HAVE FOUND SOME PEACE.
MAMA,
YOU DON'T MEAN THAT.
DON'T YOU TELL ME
WHAT I MEAN.
THAT GIRL AIN'T BEEN NOTHING
BUT TROUBLE
FROM THE TIME I GOT PREGNANT
WITH HER, ON THROUGH MY LABOR.
I WAS SICK AS A DOG
EVERY DAY.
THAT CHILD FLIPPED OVER
IN MY WOMB
AND ALMOST KILLED ME.
IT'S LIKE SHE AIN'T NEVER WANTED
TO BE HERE.
MAYBE IF SHE'D HAVE GONE ON
OR PASSED ON,
MAYBE THEN SHE'D HAVE FOUND
SOME PEACE,
PUT US BOTH
OUT OF OUR MISERY.
WELL, FOR SOMEONE WHO IS ALWAYS
GRABBING THE BIBLE,
THAT'S
SOME REAL CHRISTIAN TALK.
DON'T YOU DARE
THROW GOD IN MY FACE!
[ SIGHS ]
LOOK, YOU'RE UPSET, OKAY?
I GET IT.
YOU'RE REALLY UPSET
RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA LET YOU CALM DOWN.
ALL RIGHT?
I'M GONNA GO GRAB
A SIP OF WATER.
LET'S CALM DOWN,
I'M GONNA FORGET
THAT YOU JUST SAID THAT
ABOUT CANDACE.
[ SOBS ]
SHE GOT TO YOU, TOO, HUH?
[ SIGHS ]
DON'T YOU KNOW THAT GIRL DON'T
CARE ABOUT NOBODY BUT HERSELF?
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND,
SHE CAN'T?
SHE CAN'T.
IT AIN'T IN HER TO LOVE ANYTHING
OR ANYBODY.
SHE GOT A BABY SOMEWHERE.
SHE PROBABLY DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE HE IS.
IT JUST AIN'T IN HER
TO CARE.
YEAH, BUT, MAMA, IT AIN'T IN YOU
TO HATE NOBODY LIKE THAT.
I DON'T HATE HER.
WELL, YOU MUST.
YOU CAME IN HERE. YOU JUST
WISHED MY SISTER WAS DEAD.
JUST STOP IT.
YOU JUST STOP IT.
[ SIGHS ]
LOOK, I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY I DID THAT.
I'M SORRY I SAVED
YOUR DAUGHTER'S LIFE.
ALL RIGHT?
BUT YOU WOULD HAVE DONE
THE SAME THING,
HAD YOU SEEN HER THAT NIGHT.
MAMA, I KNOW IT.
I KNOW YOU.
I'M GONNA SELL MY TRUCK,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M GONNA SELL IT
RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA BRING IN
AS MUCH AS I CAN.
YOUR TRUCK AIN'T WORTH
NO $50,000.
[ SNIFFLES ]
THEY WANT IT ALL, BENNY.
THEY WANT IT ALL.
ALL RIGHT, WELL...
I'LL DO WHAT I CAN, THOUGH,
ALL RIGHT?
I [ SIGHS ]
I GOT TO TRY SOMETHING, MAMA.
I'M GONNA FIX THIS.
[ SOBS ]
MAMA, LOOK AT ME.
STOP CRYING.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THIS, OKAY?
I'M GONNA FIX THIS.
ON THE 12th OF AUGUST,
I LOOK FORWARD TO
YOUR IMMEDIATE RESPONSE.
OKAY? THEN, FINISH IT.
THANKS, ANNE.
GO ON.
CLOSE THE DOOR, PLEASE,
ON YOUR WAY OUT.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
DON'T STAND THERE EATING CANDY,
BEING ALL COY WITH ME, DAVID.
WHAT HAPPENED?
OH, WITH CANDACE.
YES.
I DECIDED NOT TO PLAY
BY HER RULES.
CALLED HER BLUFF.
YOU CALLED HER BLUFF.
CAN'T LET THESE PEOPLE THINK
THEY HAVE THE UPPER HAND.
SHE'S INSANE, DAVID.
WHY ARE YOU SO UPSET?
IT WORKED, DIDN'T IT?
DID IT?
WELL,
SHE DIDN'T CALL THE NEWS.
ROSE.
DO YOU KNOW ROSE?
THE REPORTER.
'COURSE I KNOW ROSE.
SHE CALLED MY OFFICE,
TALKED TO MY SECRETARY,
SAID SHE HAD A FEW QUESTIONS
SHE WOULD LIKE TO ASK ME.
WHAT KIND OF QUESTIONS?
QUESTIONS ABOUT HOW I FEEL
ABOUT ELECTED OFFICIALS
AND PROSTITUTES.
SHE SAID THAT?
YES.
SHE SAID THAT.
SO, YOU DID NOT PAY HER?
NO. WANTED HER TO KNOW
WHO WAS HOLDING ALL THE CARDS.
WELL, CLEARLY SHE'S HOLDING
ALL THE CARDS, DAVID.
I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE'S INSANE.
YOU NEED TO PAY HER.
I'LL CALL HER NOW.
YES, NOW.
PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
GOOD MORNING.
I KEEP FINDING YOU IN HERE
EVERY TIME I COME IN HERE.
MAKES ME THINK I'M NOT DOING
MY JOB TOO WELL
IF YOU HAVE TO WASH
EVERY DAY.
YOU'RE DOING A GREAT JOB.
SOMETIMES
I WAKE UP RESTLESS.
OH, PLEASE.
LET ME DO THAT.
I GOT IT.
WELL, I CAN AT L‐‐
I SAID I HAVE IT.
I'M SORRY.
CAN YOU GO HELP CELINE
WITH BREAKFAST, PLEASE?
YES, MA'AM.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOORBELL RINGS ]
DOOR, HANNA.
KATH!
SHE'S IN THE DINING ROOM.
THANK YOU.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
YOU'RE STILL
IN YOUR BED CLOTHES.
GOOD MORNING.
GOOD TO SEE YOU, TOO.
I'M SORRY.
UH, GOOD MORNING.
THAT'S BETTER.
WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME BREAKFAST?
NO.
HOW ARE YOU?
OKAY.
ENOUGH WITH THE PLEASANTRIES.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I THINK I HAVE A PROBLEM.
YOU JUST FOUND ONE?
WELL, LET'S SEE.
I THINK YOU EAT TOO MUCH.
YOU GET A LITTLE LOUD
EVERY NOW AND THEN.
AND YOU DRIVE
LIKE A BAT OUT OF HELL.
ARE YOU DONE?
AND YOU STILL THINK
YOU'RE 25.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
THIS IS SERIOUS.
I HAVE A PROBLEM.
GET IN LINE.
I THINK
DAVID IS HAVING AN AFFAIR.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT IS SO FUNNY?
MR. CONSERVATIVE?
ALWAYS‐BY‐THE‐BOOK DAVID?
OH, I DON'T THINK SO.
WELL,
SOMETHING IS GOING ON.
ARE YOU SURE?
YES.
I THINK.
PROBABLY.
EITHER HE IS OR HE ISN'T.
WELL, FOR THE PAST TWO WEEKS,
HE'S BEEN VERY DISTANT.
HE'S TRYING TO RUN
FOR OFFICE.
NO, NO.
I KNOW THIS MAN.
I CAN SET MY WATCH BY HIM.
HE IS THE EPITOME
OF PREDICTABILITY.
SOMETHING IS GOING ON.
I THINK
YOU'RE OVERREACTING.
I AM NOT.
DO YOU REMEMBER THE LAST TIME
YOU THOUGHT
DAVID WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR?
HE WAS PLANNING
YOUR SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY.
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
SO, YOU'RE NOT GONNA KILL
THE PARTY PLANNER?
SHE WAS FLIRTING WITH HIM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
VERONICA...
DAVID IS NO FOOL.
HE KNOWS
YOU WILL FIERCELY FIGHT
TO PROTECT YOUR FAMILY
AND YOUR FUTURE.
NOW, GO HOME.
SO, YOU THINK
THAT I AM OVERREACTING?
I KNOW IT.
I KNOW YOU.
IF SOMETHING IS GOING ON,
TIME WILL REVEAL IT.
I AM NOT A FAN OF WAITING
FOR FATHER TIME.
AND HE IS NOT A FAN
OF YOUR CROW'S‐FEET.
KATHERYN CRYER,
THAT'S JUST AWFUL.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I HAVE THEM, TOO.
GO HOME.
GREAT.
WHAT A WAY TO TREAT
A FRIEND IN NEED.
HMM!
AND I DO NOT HAVE
CROW'S‐FEET.
HAH!
GOOD DAY.
BYE.
[ MOUTHING WORDS ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHERE'S JIM?
I'LL BE HANDLING THIS.
YOU AGAIN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
HE CAN'T HANDLE
BEING ALONE WITH ME?
THIS DOESN'T NEED TO
INVOLVE JIM.
HMM.
YOU KNOW,
THIS TURNS HIM ON ‐‐
LIVING ON THE EDGE.
HE'S A BIT OF
AN ADRENALINE JUNKIE.
NOT LIKE YOU,
MR. PLAY‐IT‐SAFE.
YOU GOT TO GET THAT STICK
OUT OF YOUR ASS,
UNLESS YOU'RE INTO
THAT SORT OF THING.
HUH?
THERE'S YOUR MONEY.
PICK IT UP.
YOUNG LADY.
PICK IT UP NOW!
DON'T YOU EVER THROW ANYTHING
AT ME AGAIN, EVER.
THERE'S $100,000
IN THIS BAG.
I WOULD NOT GIVE A DAMN
IF IT WAS A MILLION DOLLARS.
YOU THINK
YOU'RE BETTER THAN ME, HUH?
YOU THINK, BECAUSE YOU'RE RICH,
YOU CAN TREAT ME LIKE CRAP?
I THINK
WE'RE GETTING OFF COURSE HERE.
YOU THREW THAT BAG AT ME
LIKE I WAS A DOG IN THE STREET
YOU WERE THROWING A BONE TO.
YOU WANT THE MONEY OR NOT?
IF YOU EVER
DISRESPECT ME AGAIN,
NOTHING IN THAT BAG
WILL MATTER.
SIGN THE PAPERS.
[ CURRENCY BUNDLES
RUSTLING ]
I DON'T SEE ANY KEYS
IN THIS BAG.
BECAUSE WE'RE NOT GIVING YOU
A CAR.
BUT I SAID I WANTED
A CONVERTIBLE.
I SAID
YOU'RE NOT GETTING ONE.
[ Chuckling ] MAN.
YOU MUST THINK I'M KIDDING.
DIDN'T ROSE CALL JIM?
WHAT DID YOU HAVE TO DO
WITH THAT?
I DIDN'T TELL HER
ANYTHING...YET.
I SAID THAT I MAY KNOW SOMEONE
WHO IS DEALING WITH PROSTITUTES
AND SHE SHOULD TALK TO
JUDGE CRYER ABOUT IT.
[ SIGHS ]
THIS IS SO FOOLISH.
NO.
WHAT'S FOOLISH IS
YOU PLAYING GAMES WITH ME.
I THINK YOU'RE CRAZY,
BUT I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE THAT CRAZY.
HMM.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[ GASPS ]
[ Voice breaking ] PLEASE.
STOP HITTING ME.
THAT HURTS.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
PLEASE! I WON'T SCREAM.
YOUNG LADY.
I WON'T SAY ANYTHING.
I WON'T TELL ANYBODY. I WON'T.
Shh!
PLEASE! PLEASE!
STOP IT!
WHY?
WHY STOP?
DO YOU WANT TO SEE
HOW FAR THIS CAN GO?
CANDACE.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU KNOW MY NAME NOW?
MAYBE I WANT $100,000
FROM YOU, TOO.
DO YOU SEE HOW EASY THIS IS?
YOU AND YOUR IVORY TOWER.
ONE WORD FROM ME,
AND IT ALL COMES CRUMBLING DOWN.
OKAY.
O‐‐ WHAT?
SORRY?
OKAY.
OH.
"OKAY" WHAT?
OKAY, YOU WIN.
I WIN, HUH?
MM‐HMM.
I ALREADY KNEW THAT.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
WHERE IS MY CAR?
YOU'LL GET IT.
MM.
OKAY.
YOU LEARN FAST.
I WANT MY CAR TODAY.
RED, LIKE MY SKIRT.
YOU LIKE MY SKIRT?
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
OH.
YOU WANT TO KNOW
THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN YOU
AND THE COMMON STREET THUG?
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
"RARIFIED AIR"?
YOU KNOW
WHAT THE DIFFERENCE IS?
NOT A DAMN THING.
[ CHUCKLES SOFTLY ]
YOU REALLY WANT TO PLAY THIS
ON ANOTHER LEVEL?
OKAY.
[ SNIFFLES ]
I CAN GO DOWN THERE WITH YOU.
[ PILLS RATTLE ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU LEFT YOUR PILLS OUT HERE,
AND I ‐‐
GIVE ME THAT.
I'M SORRY.
I WASN'T SNOOPING.
GOOD.
BECAUSE SNOOPING
WILL GET YOU FIRED.
I KNOW
WHAT THOSE PILLS ARE.
OH.
SO, YOU'RE A PHARMACIST NOW.
I HAD BREAST CANCER, TOO.
WHAT IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
I USED TO WAKE UP
WASHING THE BLOOD OUT OF
MY NIGHTGOWN JUST LIKE YOU.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
OKAY.
MAYBE I'M WRONG.
IF I AM, IT'S A GOOD THING.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO SEE
YOUR PILLS.
HOW ARE YOU NOW?
FINE.
LOTS OF CHEMO
AND A MASTECTOMY.
I THANK GOD
I'M CANCER‐FREE.
WAS IT DIFFICULT?
WHICH PART?
THE SURGERY.
IT'S THE MIND
THAT'S THE WEAPON.
IT DOES MORE DAMAGE TO YOU
THAN THE CANCER.
NO ONE KNOWS.
NOT EVEN YOUR HUSBAND?
NO.
WELL, YOU'RE GONNA NEED
SOMEBODY TO BE THERE FOR YOU.
I COULDN'T HAVE MADE IT
WITHOUT MY SON.
I DON'T HAVE CHILDREN
THAT CARE ABOUT ME LIKE THAT.
I'M SORRY.
I KIND OF KNOW
WHAT YOU MEAN.
IT'S SAD.
I KNOW.
WELL, EVERYBODY NEEDS
ONE GOOD PERSON IN THEIR LIFE.
WHAT ABOUT MISS VERONICA?
I'M MORE OF A FRIEND TO HER
THAN SHE IS TO ME.
WELL, YOU CAN'T GET THROUGH THIS
ALONE.
WHY NOT?
IT'S HOW I GET THROUGH
EVERYTHING ELSE.
WELL,
I'M HERE IF YOU NEED ME.
THANK YOU.
MM‐HMM.
HANNA, MY FAMILY CANNOT
KNOW THIS ‐‐ NO ONE.
MRS. CRYER...
I TAKE MY EMPLOYER'S SECRETS
TO THE GRAVE.
YES.
I REMEMBER.
HOW BAD IS IT?
WE CAUGHT IT IN TIME.
OH, GOOD.
BUT MY HAIR'S
STARTING TO FALL OUT.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
WE CAN GET YOU A NICE WIG.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
[ SNIFFLES ]
I HAVE A COUPLE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN GETTING
TO THE DOCTOR?
I'VE BEEN DRIVING MYSELF.
OH, NO.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
THE CHEMO MAKES YOU
TOO SICK.
NOT ANYMORE, YOU'RE NOT.
HOW DID YOU
KEEP YOUR SPIRITS UP?
MM.
PRAYER.
SO, YOU'RE
A WOMAN OF FAITH.
OH, YES, MA'AM, I AM.
I'M A CHRISTIAN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
WOULD YOU PRAY FOR ME?
Whew.
OF COURSE.
RIGHT NOW.
BOW YOUR HEAD.
FATHER GOD, I COME BEFORE YOU
RIGHT NOW
ON BEHALF OF
MY SISTER KATHERYN.
LORD JESUS, WE ASK YOU TO
LOOK DOWN RIGHT NOW, LORD GOD,
AND THROUGH YOUR BLOOD,
WE ASK YOU TO TAKE THE POISON
THAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE HEALING
AND GIVE IT THE POWER
THAT IS YOUR BLOOD,
THAT IS THE TRUE HEALING.
YOU SAID, "WHERE TWO OR THREE
ARE GATHERED IN YOUR NAME,
THERE YOU ARE, ALSO."
AND WE'RE NOT LOOKING FOR
REMISSION.
LORD GOD, WE'RE LOOKING FOR
TRUE HEALING
THAT ONLY YOU CAN PROVIDE.
HEAL HER AS YOU HEALED ME,
LORD GOD.
VICTORY AND HEALING
IS THE PRAYER.
IN JESUS' NAME AND FOR HIS SAKE,
WE ARE PRAYING.
AMEN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WOW!
LOOKS LIKE CHRISTMAS
HAS COME EARLY, HUH?
YOU ASKED FOR IT.
I DID.
THANK YOU, SIR.
[ SIGHS ]
SO, TELL ME
HOW THIS BABY WORKS.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING ]
[ Telephone ringing ]
IT'S DONE.
MAKE IT HAPPEN.
COUPLE DAYS IS FINE.
OKAY.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ DOG BARKING ]
B., WHERE ARE YOU?
BENNY BOY.
WHY ARE YOU PACKING?
DON'T.
SO, YOU'RE MOVING?
CANDACE, YOU KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT'S GOING ON. OKAY?
DON'T TALK TO ME ABOUT
MOVING OUT OF THIS PLACE
UNLESS YOU GOT THAT MONEY
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT.
IF YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED,
MAMA'S SICK.
THIS IS SO SAD.
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN SAD
TILL YOU'VE SEEN MAMA CRY.
SHE WAS SO DISAPPOINTED IN ME,
CANDACE.
WELL, NOW YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
WHAT, ARE YOU ENJOYING THIS
OR SOMETHING?
NO.
MAYBE.
JUST A LITTLE BIT.
THAT IS
SO LOW‐DOWN OF YOU.
YOU KNOW, I'M YOUR BROTHER.
THAT'S YOUR MOTHER THAT
YOU'RE LAUGHING ABOUT RIGHT NOW.
[ SCOFFS ]
I'M SO TIRED OF THIS.
I'M TIRED OF YOU.
ARE YOU DONE?
NO, I'M NOT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE MAMA WAS RIGHT ABOUT YOU.
YOU KNOW,
YOU HAVE NO RESPECT.
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYBODY
BUT YOURSELF.
SHE SAID THAT?
YES, SHE SAID THAT.
AND I'M STARTING
TO BELIEVE HER.
YOU KNOW, I TOOK A MORTGAGE OUT
ON MAMA'S HOUSE ‐‐
LOOK AT ME ‐‐
TO GET YOU OUT OF TROUBLE.
AND YOU CAME IN HERE.
YOU SWORE UP AND DOWN
THIS STREET,
YOU WAS GONNA GET
THIS MORTGAGE PAID,
AND NOW YOU GOT US
A COUPLE DAYS AWAY
FROM BEING SENT OUT
ON THE STREET.
HMM.
SO, SHE REALLY THINKS
THAT I DON'T CARE
ABOUT ANYBODY BUT MYSELF?
YEAH.
YOU BELIEVE THAT, TOO,
BENNY?
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO THINK,
CANDACE?
I MEAN, LOOK AT THE SITUATION
YOU GOT US IN.
WE'VE BEEN IN THIS HOUSE
SINCE WE WERE KIDS.
I HATED IT THEN.
I HATE IT NOW.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
MAMA LOVES IT, ALL RIGHT?
THIS IS HER PRIDE AND JOY
RIGHT HERE.
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU LIKE.
IT'S A DUMP, BENNY.
WHATEVER. IT'S HER DUMP.
SHE PAID FOR IT.
LOOK, I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT
THIS WITH YOU. YOU KNOW?
I'M BEGINNING TO THINK
YOU REALLY CAME DOWN HERE
TO ENJOY THIS MOMENT.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE SICK.
BENNY, COME ON.
YOU KNOW ME.
I THOUGHT
I KNEW YOU CANDACE.
BUT THIS RIGHT HERE,
IT SAYS A LOT ABOUT YOU,
LITTLE SISTER.
BENNY, YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO BELIEVES IN ME,
AND YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO LOVES ME.
YOUR BABY LOVES YOU.
I KNOW THAT.
AND WHERE'S HE AT?
WHERE'S MY NEPHEW?
HE'S WITH HIS FATHER.
I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT HIM.
MAMA LOVES YOU.
NO. MNH‐MNH.
SHE DOESN'T.
SHE DOES, CANDACE.
LOOK, I'M NOT GONNA DEBATE THAT
WITH YOU.
LOOK, BENNY...
BUT IF I DON'T HAVE YOU,
I DON'T HAVE ANYBODY.
LOOK, CANDACE...
I LOVE YOU.
OKAY?
MM‐HMM.
YOU'RE MY BABY SISTER.
YOU'RE MY ONLY SISTER.
BUT WHAT YOU DID
AIN'T COOL.
NOW, I'M SORRY,
BUT I'M PISSED OFF ABOUT THIS.
ALL RIGHT?
MM‐HMM.
YOU KNOW, YOU COME IN HERE,
YOU TELL ME YOU GOT
SOME RICH MAN
THAT'S IN LOVE WITH YOU,
AND HE'S GONNA PAY
THIS MORTGAGE.
YOU GET MY HOPES UP.
YOU KNOW, I TRUSTED YOU.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M MOST PISSED OFF ABOUT.
I TRUSTED YOU.
AND THEN YOU WALK THROUGH
THE DOOR, YOU GET MY HOPES UP.
NOTHING.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
OKAY.
THAT'S IT, CANDACE.
YOU CALL THAT NOTHING?
HMM?
WAIT, IS THIS ‐‐
THIS IS ALL $50,000?
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
IT'S ALL OF IT.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
THANK GOD.
DON'T THANK GOD.
THANK ME, SWEETIE.
SO, WAIT.
HE GAVE THIS TO YOU?
WHO, GOD?
NO, YOU'RE
RICH SUGAR‐DADDY FRIEND.
YES.
CANDACE, I'M NOT
GOING THROUGH THIS AGAIN.
ARE YOU SURE THAT THIS SITUATION
IS LEGIT?
YES.
[ SNIFFS ]
IS HE A DOPE BOY
OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
IS THIS DOPE MONEY?
NO.
HE'S IN THE LAW BUSINESS.
TRUST ME, B.
IT'S REAL. IT'S LEGIT.
JESUS.
WE GOT TO GET TO THE BANK.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU GOT TO GET
SOME MONEY ORDERS.
YOU CAN'T WALK IN A BANK
WITH ALL THIS CASH.
THE IRS
WILL BE ALL OVER YOU.
OKAY.
[ SIGHS ]
CANDACE, THANK YOU.
MAMA'S GONNA BE SO HAPPY.
ALL RIGHT. COME ON.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE
BEFORE SHE COMES HOME.
YOU KNOW
SHE DOESN'T WANT ME HERE.
WILL YOU STOP IT?
NO, YOU STOP LIVING IN
A FANTASY WORLD.
SHE DOESN'T.
COME ON.
THANK YOU, BABY SISTER.
YOU SAVED ME.
THANK YOU...
...FOR HELPING ME.
I LOVE YOU.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
LOVE YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
AH.
WHAT ARE THOSE?
A KEY.
TO WHAT?
TO MY BRAND‐NEW CONVERTIBLE.
HE GOT YOU THE CAR?
[ Laughing ] YES.
I TOLD YOU.
[ LAUGHS ] GIVE ME THESE.
I'M DRIVING.
OH, B.!
AS IF YOU WERE GOING TO.
[ LAUGHS ]
COME ON IN AND LIE DOWN.
[ SIGHS ]
I DON'T FEEL LIKE LYING DOWN,
HANNA.
THE DOCTOR SAID
TAKE THESE FOR NAUSEA.
THEY DON'T WORK.
WELL, MAYBE YOU SHOULD UP
THE DOSAGE.
HANNA, DON'T MAKE A FUSS.
I JUST WANT YOU TO BE
COMFORTABLE.
WHY?
WHY WHAT?
WHY DO YOU WANT ME
TO BE COMFORTABLE?
BECAUSE YOU'RE ONE
OF GOD'S CHILDREN.
AM I?
YES.
WELL, GOD MUST NOT BE
VERY PLEASED WITH ME,
OR HE WOULDN'T HAVE GIVEN ME
CANCER.
GOD DIDN'T GIVE YOU
THEN WHERE DID IT
COME FROM?
I DON'T KNOW.
I DO BELIEVE
THAT HOLDING ON TO BAD THINGS,
LIKE UNFORGIVENESS AND ANGER,
HOLDING ALL THAT
IS BAD IN YOUR HEART
AND CAN LEAD TO SICKNESS
IN THE BODY.
WELL, IF THAT WERE THE CASE,
I'D BE DEAD.
[ LAUGHS ]
HMM.
WHAT?
LOOK AT YOU.
[ Chuckling ] WHAT?
I BELIEVE THAT'S THE FIRST TIME
I'VE SEEN YOU LAUGH.
YOU DON'T LAUGH MUCH, HANNA.
HMM.
ARE YOU HAPPY?
I TRY TO KEEP JOY
IN MY HEART.
BUT IT'S BEEN HARD LATELY.
WHY?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, I AM NOT ABOUT TO TELL YOU
MY PROBLEMS.
WHY NOT?
'CAUSE USUALLY WHEN PEOPLE ASK
WHAT'S GOING ON,
THEY DON'T REALLY WANT
TO KNOW.
I DO.
WELL, USUALLY...THEY START OUT
WANTING TO KNOW,
BUT PRETTY SOON,
THEY HATE TO SEE YOU COMING,
ESPECIALLY IF YOU'VE GOT
A LOT OF DRAMA.
YOU HAVE A LOT OF DRAMA?
NOT AS MUCH AS YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL,
MY FAMILY IS SOMETHING.
YES, THEY ARE.
THANK YOU.
DON'T MENTION IT.
HANNA, I REALLY DO
APPRECIATE THIS.
I NEED YOU
TO UNDERSTAND ‐‐
MRS. CRYER, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
SAY ANYTHING.
I WORK FOR YOU.
I'M NOT YOUR FRIEND.
I GET IT.
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I WAS GONNA SAY.
THEN WHAT WAS IT?
COME HERE.
I WAS GOING TO SAY THAT YOU
HAVE BEEN KINDER TO ME...
TODAY...
THAN MY WHOLE FAMILY
OR ANY OF MY FRIENDS HAVE BEEN.
WELL, YOU CAN'T PICK
YOUR FAMILY,
BUT YOU DO NEED
SOME NEW FRIENDS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL.
COME ON,
PUT YOUR FEET UP.
NO.
YOU KNOW THIS IS BEYOND
YOUR JOB DESCRIPTION.
SO, I CAN'T BE NICE TO YOU
BECAUSE IT'S NOT
IN MY JOB DESCRIPTION?
OF COURSE YOU CAN.
I'M JUST SAYING,
THIS IS BEYOND THE CALL OF DUTY.
YOU DO KNOW I KNOW THAT,
DON'T YOU?
YES, BUT I WAS ‐‐
OH, PLEASE DON'T SAY WHY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU MUST BE AROUND
A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO DO THINGS
FOR A REASON.
SOMETIMES PEOPLE ARE JUST KIND,
MRS. CRYER.
WELL, YOU ARE VERY KIND.
HMM.
YOU ARE A GENTLE SOUL.
Whew.
COME REST.
I'LL MAKE YOU SOME TEA.
BRANDY.
TEA.
SCOTCH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
TEA.
OH, FINE.
YOU CAN'T MIX THAT
WITH THIS MEDICATION.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
TEA.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
LORD, LORD, LORD.
YOU SAY SOMETHING?
I WAS TALKING TO
THE LORD.
OH.
WELL, WHAT DID HE SAY?
YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY,
BENNY?
NO, MA'AM.
NOT AT ALL.
YOU HAVEN'T
FINISHED PACKING YET.
NOPE.
GUESS
I HAVE TO DO THAT, TOO.
WAIT.
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND.
OHH.
BENNY, I AM NOT IN THE MOOD.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY
I'M SORRY
AND ASK YOU TO FORGIVE ME.
WOULD YOU DO THAT?
BOY, I ALREADY FORGAVE YOU
BEFORE YOU DID IT.
THAT'S WHAT
UNCONDITIONAL LOVE IS.
I LOVE YOU, SON.
I REALLY DO.
BUT THIS IS ONE OF
THE LOWEST THINGS
ANYBODY HAS EVER DONE TO ME.
I'M ALMOST 50 YEARS OLD,
AND I'M ABOUT TO BE HOMELESS.
[ SCOFFS ]
I CAN'T EVEN BEGIN
TO THINK ABOUT STARTING OVER.
I INTENDED TO DIE
IN THIS HOUSE.
[ CHUCKLES LIGHTLY ]
WELL, I WAS HOPING YOU'D GET TO
LIVE IN IT FOR AT LEAST ANOTHER,
I DON'T KNOW,
50, 60, MAYBE EVEN 70 YEARS.
WHO KNOWS?
WELL,
I WISH TO HEAVEN I COULD.
HOW'D YOU DO THIS?
YOUR TRUCK IS STILL OUTSIDE.
YOU DIDN'T SELL IT.
HOW'D YOU DO THIS?
CANDACE GAVE ME THE MONEY.
HOW'D SHE GET $50,000?
MAMA, DON'T.
I DON'T WANT THAT GIRL GETTING
KILLED TRYING TO SAVE MY HOUSE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M SO GLAD
YOU SAID THAT.
THAT MEANS YOU WOULD HAVE
MORTGAGED THIS HOUSE
TO HELP CANDACE OUT.
OH, HUSH.
YOU DON'T KNOW NOTHING.
WHERE'D SHE GET
THIS MONEY FROM?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE SAID SHE HAS
SOME, UH, RICH MAN.
HE GAVE IT TO HER.
A DRUG DEALER?
NO, SHE SAID
HE WAS IN THE LAW BUSINESS.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW, MAMA,
BUT SHE GOT IT.
OH, BENNY,
YOU KNOW I DON'T ‐‐
DON'T YOU DARE SAY
THAT YOU DON'T WANT IT, MAMA.
IT'S NOT DIRTY MONEY.
I TALKED TO HER, OKAY?
IT'S THE MONEY
THAT SHE OWED YOU.
NOW YOUR HOUSE IS PAID.
IT'S PAID?
YOUR DEED, YOUR NAME,
WITHOUT MY NAME,
SO YOU DON'T EVER HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT ME MORTGAGING IT AGAIN.
IT'S PAID OFF.
I GET TO KEEP MY HOUSE?
YOU GET TO KEEP YOUR HOUSE,
MOMMY.
[ SOBS ]
TOLD YOU I GOT YOU.
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANK YOU, JESUS.
HALLELUJAH! OH!
PRAISE GOD.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
MWAH!
OH!
NOW CAN WE UNPACK, PLEASE?
YES, WE CAN, ABSOLUTELY.
YOU'RE GONNA SEND ME
INTO A HEART ATTACK OVER HERE.
COME ON.
OH!
[ LAUGHS ]
I AIN'T NEVER LIKED
THESE PLACE MATS.
AND THAT BIG CHICKEN.
[ LAUGHS ]
Veronica:
KNOCK, KNOCK.
YES?
WHY ARE YOU IN THIS BED
EVERY TIME I COME OVER HERE?
UGH.
I'VE BEEN UP LATE NIGHTS.
WELL, HONEY, GET UP.
I HAVE A CRISIS.
WHAT IS IT NOW?
DON'T SAY IT LIKE THAT.
THIS IS SERIOUS.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT IS IT?
I WAS FEELING UNEASY
ABOUT DAVID.
I KNOW.
YOU TOLD ME THAT.
I THOUGHT
HE WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR.
YOU ALSO TOLD ME THAT.
WELL, A GIRL
HAS GOT TO FOLLOW HER GUT.
WELL, WHAT DID THE GIRL DO?
I CALLED MARTY,
A PRIVATE EYE
THAT WE USE FROM TIME TO TIME
TO HELP WITH SOME OF
OUR REHAB PATIENTS.
OKAY.
IS THIS CANDACE?
YES.
I KNEW THERE WAS SOMETHING UP
WITH THAT GIRL.
WHEN DID DAVID MEET HER?
I DON'T KNOW.
HE PRETENDED TO MEET HER
FOR THE FIRST TIME
HERE AT YOUR HOUSE.
I AM SO PISSED.
THIS IS VERY ODD
FOR DAVID.
THIS CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
[ SCOFFS ]
HE BOUGHT HER A CAR.
WHAT?
IT'S RIGHT THERE
IN THE PICTURES.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
I'M GOING TO PAY
THE LITTLE BITCH A VISIT.
NEXT, ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS."
I'M BENNY.
DARCI.
DARCI FROM THE CHURCH?
IS THAT WHAT I THINK IT IS?
I SMELLED MARIJUANA.
NO, YOU DIDN'T.
YOU NEE‐‐
YOU NEED TO ZIP THIS BACK UP.
WELL, SHE IS VERY,
VERY GOOD AT SEX.
WHAT IS SHE DOING HERE?
I KNOW ABOUT THE CAR.
WHAT CAR?
THE ONE YOU BOUGHT FOR HER.
YOU THINK I'M SLEEPING
WITH YOUR HUSBAND,
AND YOU THINK YOUR SON
IS STRAIGHT.
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU MAKE
A PERSONAL VISIT
UNLESS THERE WAS SOMETHING WRONG
WITH ONE OF THE PATIENTS.
NO, SON,
THIS VISIT IS ABOUT YOU.